# packages in environment at /opt/anaconda3/envs/kerchunk:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
aiobotocore               2.3.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.8.1            py39h63b48b0_1    conda-forge
aioitertools              0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asciitree                 0.3.3                      py_2    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.0.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             4.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     21.4.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
bokeh                     2.4.3            py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.24.21            pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39h63b48b0_1004    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h0d85af4_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h0d85af4_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.6.15            h033912b_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2022.6.15        py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1           py39hae9ecf2_0    conda-forge
cfgrib                    0.9.10.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.3            py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
cloudpickle               2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cryptography              37.0.1           py39hf6deb26_0  
curl                      7.83.1               h23f1065_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cytoolz                   0.12.0           py39h701faf5_0    conda-forge
dask                      2022.7.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dask-core                 2022.7.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.0            py39hfd1d529_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
distributed               2022.7.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
eccodes                   2.26.0               hf772d56_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fasteners                 0.17.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
findlibs                  0.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.34.4           py39h701faf5_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h4cff582_1    conda-forge
frozenlist                1.3.0            py39h63b48b0_1    conda-forge
fsspec                    2022.5.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                hbcb3906_2    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.15               hefd3b78_3    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.12.1          nompi_h0aa1fa2_104    conda-forge
heapdict                  1.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.3                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.11.4           py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        4.11.4               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.14.0           py39h71a6800_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.4.0            py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
jasper                    2.0.33               h013e400_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.1           py39h6e9494a_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jmespath                  1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   hac89ed1_2    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.3.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.10.0           py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
kerchunk                  0.0.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.3            py39h7c694c3_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               hb98e516_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 h577c468_0    conda-forge
lerc                      3.0                  he49afe7_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.0.6                he49afe7_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           15_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h5eb16cf_7    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           15_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.83.1               h23f1065_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    14.0.6               hce7ea42_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.12                 hac89ed1_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h0678c8f_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h0d85af4_5    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           9_3_0_h6c81a4c_23    conda-forge
libgfortran5              9.3.0               h6c81a4c_23    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           15_osx64_openblas    conda-forge
libnetcdf                 4.8.1           nompi_h6609ca0_102    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               hca56917_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.20          openmp_hb3cd9ec_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h5a3d3bf_3    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               hbcb3906_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               hd3787cc_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                h9847915_1    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.2                h28dabe5_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.2                h0d85af4_1    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h0d85af4_1004    conda-forge
libzip                    1.9.2                hedeed6f_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               hfe4f2af_2    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               14.0.4               ha654fa7_0    conda-forge
locket                    1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
lz4                       4.0.0            py39h263ca4c_2    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                he49afe7_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.1            py39h63b48b0_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.5.2            py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.5.2            py39h64a0072_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
msgpack-python            1.0.4            py39h7c694c3_0    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.2            py39h63b48b0_1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h96cf925_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numcodecs                 0.10.0           py39hd408605_1    conda-forge
numpy                     1.23.1           py39hda39a74_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                h6e7aa92_1    conda-forge
openssl                   3.0.5                hfe4f2af_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.4.3            py39hf72b562_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
partd                     1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    9.2.0            py39h579eac4_0    conda-forge
pip                       22.1.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.30             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.1            py39h701faf5_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hc929b4f_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 22.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py39h6e9494a_5    conda-forge
python                    3.9.13          hf8d34f4_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-eccodes            1.4.2            py39h15b18c7_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      2_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2022.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0              py39h63b48b0_4    conda-forge
pyzmq                     23.2.0           py39hd639792_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1.2                h3899abd_0    conda-forge
s3fs                      2022.5.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.8.1            py39hfa1a3ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                63.2.0           py39h6e9494a_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sortedcontainers          2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.39.1               hd9f0692_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tblib                     1.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h5dbffcc_0    conda-forge
toolz                     0.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py39h63b48b0_3    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.3.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.3.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022a                h191b570_0    conda-forge
ujson                     5.3.0            py39hd408605_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              14.0.0           py39h63b48b0_1    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.10            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.14.1           py39h701faf5_0    conda-forge
xarray                    2022.3.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h35c211d_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h35c211d_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                haf1e3a3_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h0d85af4_2    conda-forge
yarl                      1.7.2            py39h63b48b0_2    conda-forge
zarr                      2.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                he49afe7_1    conda-forge
zict                      2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.12               hfe4f2af_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                ha9df2e0_2    conda-forge
